OCPBUGS-98160: Document dynamic memory for CNF latency test pods (#114935)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cnf-performing-end-to-end-tests-running-cyclictest.adoc

+
The command runs the `cyclictest` tool for 10 minutes (600 seconds). The test runs successfully when the maximum observed latency is lower than `MAXIMUM_LATENCY` (in this example, 20 μs). Latency spikes of 20 μs and above are generally not acceptable for telco RAN workloads.
+

> If you do not set `LATENCY_TEST_MEMORY`, the test sets the pod memory to the greater of `32Mi` multiplied by `LATENCY_TEST_CPUS`, or `1Gi`. To override that value, set `LATENCY_TEST_MEMORY` to a valid Kubernetes quantity, for example `2Gi`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not set `LATENCY_TEST_MEMORY`, the test allocates 32Mi of memory per `LATENCY_TEST_CPUS`, with a minimum of `1Gi`. To override that value, set `LATENCY_TEST_MEMORY` to a valid Kubernetes quantity, for example `2Gi`.
```
